Step 1: Gathering & Organizing Quotes

    Source Collection: Start by collecting a batch of thought-provoking quotes. Aim for topics around technology, futurism, and self-improvement.
    File Organization: Store each quote in a separate text file in a dedicated folder (e.g., quotes). This structure will make it easier to batch-process them later.

Step 2: Audio Generation for Voiceovers

    Voiceover Tool: Use Amazon Polly (as you mentioned) or a similar tool to generate high-quality voiceovers for each quote.
    Script for Batch Audio Generation: Create a Python script to automate converting each text file in your quotes folder into an audio file. This can include a consistent voice selection, speed, and tone. Save the audio files in a structured folder (e.g., audio).
    Naming Convention: Use a consistent naming system (like quote_1.mp3, quote_2.mp3, etc.) to make it easier to match with the corresponding quote text and video.

Step 3: Video Background Creation and Looping

    Loop the Initial Video: Use FFmpeg to loop your existing 5-second video. To reach a target duration (e.g., 1-2 minutes per quote), a simple command can repeat the video seamlessly.
    Script for Looping: Write a Python script to loop the video automatically based on the length of each audio file, ensuring the video ends when the audio does.

Step 4: Overlay Text and Subtitle Automation

    Text Overlay: Use FFmpeg to overlay each quote as text on the video. You can use custom styling (font, color, positioning) to make the text clean and easy to read.
    Subtitle Automation: Alternatively, create subtitle files (SRT format) for each quote, automatically syncing with the audio duration. This can add flexibility in styling and positioning for different platforms.

Here’s a basic FFmpeg command to overlay text or subtitles:

ffmpeg -i looped_video.mp4 -vf "subtitles=subtitle.srt" -c:a copy final_video.mp4

Step 5: Combining Audio, Video, and Subtitles

    Automate Video Assembly: Write a script that combines the looped video, generated audio, and subtitles into a final video file for each quote. This should use a batch processing approach, iterating over each quote.
    Output Management: Save each completed video in a folder (e.g., final_videos), with a clear naming convention for easy upload and tracking.

Step 6: Upload and Distribution Planning

    Optimize for Platform: Ensure your videos are formatted for the platform you’re targeting (resolution, length, format). This can include final tweaks to fit aspect ratios (e.g., square for Instagram).
    Scheduling: If aiming for volume, consider using a social media scheduling tool to batch-upload and release videos over time.

Future Automation Potential

    Fully Automated Script: Once this basic workflow is successful, we can merge all steps into a single Python script or batch process that loops through your quote library and automatically generates finished videos.
    Dynamic Quote Library: Set up a web scraper for famous quote databases, adding new quotes automatically to your library.